hey how's it going Dave Judy here and in
front of me are some gaming accessories
from Razer now these ones are in their
new colorway it's called mercury and of
Calca silver and white theme that's
going on and traditionally in gaming
accessories are like black or red or
black and red or black and some other
color that just I don't know for
whatever reason I've never liked the
majority of gaming accessories when this
came out I was pretty excited so in
front of me are the black widow X coma
the Razer Invicta the lancehead as well
as the Kraken so I won't be doing like
full of our views on these I will be
just kind of giving you my first
impressions on them in case it inspires
you to pick up a white gaming setup of
your own okay let's do this let's start
with the keyboard why is this so hard to
open I think I'm doing it wrong I did it
right okay so these accessories are
going into this setup it's a mini ITX
case called the N case m1 it's one of
the smallest PC cases out there and the
display is the LG 38 you see 99 this is
my favorite display right now it's just
awesome for content creation because of
the ultra wide alright I've used them
for a little bit and by a little bit I
mean like 20 minutes and I'm ready to
give you my extensive long-term review
no this is just like some very cursory
thoughts on these devices I've always
liked the Black Widow keyboard it's got
a great feel I prefer the white color
over the black for sure I don't know
about the longevity of the keycaps I
tried scratching the white off it didn't
come off even though I'm scratching
pretty hard it seems really durable for
what it is but there is a difference in
texture between the white key caps and
the black key caps from the original
Black Widow X chroma now it could just
be a difference in like manufacturing or
something it may not be
but it's just something I noticed the
lancehead Mouse feels really nice I'm
not super picky about gaming mice but I
really like this one
the design is cool the texture is cool
the material finish is really unique on
this Mouse and it has a good weight the
lighting control is pretty extensive for
a mouse but I would say that the grip on
this thing is more suited for people
that have a claw or a finger grip
because it's kind of narrow from left to
right I mean if you have really big
hands and your palm gripper I don't
think this will be a good fit but
everyone else good Mouse the Kraken
headphones are good the new thing for me
are these oval ear cuffs I never had
issues with the original more circular
ear cuffs but these ones I think are
supposed to fit more ears the sound
quality is good the mic quality is good
and of course it's got Razer RGB so you
can make it light up if you want now in
terms of the fit I have a relatively
large head I think and I'm ready at the
limit of how much this thing can adjust
so if you have like a really large head
these may not be a good fit but in
general good headphones okay the last
thing is the mousepad the Razer Invicta
and I'm a little more opinionated about
this thing I love the way it looks I
think this is literally the nicest
looking outside I've ever used it's
going to lumina build with an
interchangeable mousing surface so it's
got two sides to this thing but the
issue I have with this thing is that
both surfaces are hard surfaces now some
people that love hard surfaces this is
great you can use both sides but if you
looked at an opportunity here to give
both hard surfaces and like maybe
another insert that was a cloth surface
which would have been awesome because
people that prefer something like a
cloth Mouse surface will have to adapt
to this and that's someone like me so
I'm sure over time I'll get used to this
but in the few minutes I'd tried playing
with this it was a little bit different
from what I was used to but that's
basically it
for accessories that allow you to make a
super clean super minimal looking gaming
setup for your PC or Mac whatever you
want but these are really high
performing devices that look super clean
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
sums we liked it some of you loved it
see you guys next time like a hundred
this side okay can we stand up like oh
my god some of those really cute people
like this oh my god I did
so far
shut about something oh right now
proudly in the country
hey baby yeah shiny nothing after you
can't really tell you know where's Nova
kidney totally dead but they not really
give it DMS from guy